git-add(1) Add file contents to the index.
git-am(1) Apply a series of patches from a mailbox.
git-archive(1) Create an archive of files from a named tree.
git-bisect(1) Use binary search to find the commit that introduced a bug.
git-branch(1) List, create, or delete branches.
git-bundle(1) Move objects and refs by archive.
git-checkout(1) Switch branches or restore working tree files.
git-cherry-pick(1) Apply the changes introduced by some existing commits.
git-citool(1) Graphical alternative to git-commit.
git-clean(1) Remove untracked files from the working tree.  
git-clone(1) Clone a repository into a new directory.
git-commit(1) Record changes to the repository.
git-describe(1) Describe a commit using the most recent tag reachable from it.
git-diff(1) Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc.
git-fetch(1) Download objects and refs from another repository.
git-format-patch(1) Prepare patches for e-mail submission.
git-gc(1) Cleanup unnecessary files and optimize the local repository.
git-grep(1) Print lines matching a pattern.
git-gui(1) A portable graphical interface to Git.
git-init(1) Create an empty Git repository or reinitialize an existing one.
git-log(1) Show commit logs.
git-merge(1) Join two or more development histories together.
git-mv(1) Move or rename a file, a directory, or a symlink.
git-notes(1) Add or inspect object notes.
git-pull(1) Fetch from and integrate with another repository or a local branch.
git-push(1) Update remote refs along with associated objects.
git-rebase(1) Reapply commits on top of another base tip.
git-reset(1) Reset current HEAD to the specified state.
git-revert(1) Revert some existing commits.
git-rm(1) Remove files from the working tree and from the index.
git-shortlog(1) Summarize git log output.
git-show(1) Show various types of objects.
git-stash(1) Stash the changes in a dirty working directory away.
git-status(1) Show the working tree status.
git-submodule(1) Initialize, update or inspect submodules.
git-tag(1) Create, list, delete or verify a tag object signed with GPG.
git-worktree(1) Manage multiple working trees.
gitk(1) The Git repository browser.
Ancillary Commands Manipulators:
git-config(1) Get and set repository or global options.
git-fast-export(1) Git data exporter.
git-fast-import(1) Backend for fast Git data importers.
git-filter-branch(1) Rewrite branches.
git-mergetool(1) Run merge conflict resolution tools to resolve merge conflicts.
git-pack-refs(1) Pack heads and tags for efficient repository access.
git-prune(1) Prune all unreachable objects from the object database.
git-reflog(1) Manage reflog information.
git-remote(1) Manage set of tracked repositories.
git-repack(1) Pack unpacked objects in a repository.
git-replace(1) Create, list, delete refs to replace objects.
git-annotate(1) Annotate file lines with commit information.
git-blame(1) Show what revision and author last modified each line of a file.
git-cherry(1) Find commits yet to be applied to upstream.  
git-count-objects(1) Count unpacked number of objects and their disk consumption.  
git-difftool(1) Show changes using common diff tools.
git-fsck(1) Verifies the connectivity and validity of the objects in the database.  
git-get-tar-commit-id(1) Extract commit ID from an archive created using git-archive.  
git-help(1) Display help information about Git.
git-instaweb(1) Instantly browse your working repository in gitweb.  
git-merge-tree(1) Show three-way merge without touching index.  
git-rerere(1) Reuse recorded resolution of conflicted merges.  
git-rev-parse(1) Pick out and massage parameters.
git-show-branch(1) Show branches and their commits.
git-verify-commit(1) Check the GPG signature of commits.
git-verify-tag(1) Check the GPG signature of tags.  
git-whatchanged(1) Show logs with difference each commit introduces.  
gitweb(1) Git web interface (web frontend to Git repositories).
git-archimport(1) Import an Arch repository into Git.  
git-cvsexportcommit(1) Export a single commit to a CVS checkout.  
git-cvsimport(1) Salvage your data out of another SCM people love to hate.  
git-cvsserver(1) A CVS server emulator for Git.  
git-imap-send(1) Send a collection of patches from stdin to an IMAP folder.  
git-p4(1) Import from and submit to Perforce repositories.  
git-quiltimport(1) Applies a quilt patchset onto the current branch.  
git-request-pull(1) Generates a summary of pending changes.  
git-send-email(1) Send a collection of patches as emails.  
git-svn(1) Bidirectional operation between a Subversion repository and Git.  
git-apply(1) Apply a patch to files and/or to the index.  
git-checkout-index(1) Copy files from the index to the working tree.  
git-commit-tree(1) Create a new commit object.  
git-hash-object(1) Compute object ID and optionally creates a blob from a file.  
git-index-pack(1) Build pack index file for an existing packed archive.  
git-merge-file(1) Run a three-way file merge.  
git-merge-index(1) Run a merge for files needing merging.  
git-mktag(1) Creates a tag object.  
git-mktree(1) Build a tree-object from ls-tree formatted text.  
git-pack-objects(1) Create a packed archive of objects.  
git-prune-packed(1) Remove extra objects that are already in pack files.  
git-read-tree(1) Reads tree information into the index.  
git-symbolic-ref(1) Read, modify and delete symbolic refs.  
git-unpack-objects(1) Unpack objects from a packed archive.  
git-update-index(1) Register file contents in the working tree to the index.  
git-update-ref(1) Update the object name stored in a ref safely.  
git-write-tree(1) Create a tree object from the current index.  
git-diff-files(1) Compares files in the working tree and the index.  
git-diff-index(1) Compare a tree to the working tree or index.  
git-diff-tree(1) Compares the content and mode of blobs found via two tree objects.  
git-for-each-ref(1) Output information on each ref.  
git-ls-files(1) Show information about files in the index and the working tree.  
git-ls-remote(1) List references in a remote repository.  
git-ls-tree(1) List the contents of a tree object.  
git-merge-base(1) Find as good common ancestors as possible for a merge.  
git-name-rev(1) Find symbolic names for given revs.  
git-pack-redundant(1) Find redundant pack files.  
git-rev-list(1) Lists commit objects in reverse chronological order.  
git-show-index(1) Show packed archive index.  
git-show-ref(1) List references in a local repository.  
git-unpack-file(1) Creates a temporary file with a blobs contents.  
git-var(1) Show a Git logical variable.  
git-verify-pack(1) Validate packed Git archive files.  
In general, the interrogate commands do not touch the files in the working tree.  Synching repositories
git-daemon(1) A really simple server for Git repositories.  
git-fetch-pack(1) Receive missing objects from another repository.  
git-http-backend(1) Server side implementation of Git over HTTP.  
git-send-pack(1) Push objects over Git protocol to another repository.  
git-update-server-info(1) Update auxiliary info file to help dumb servers.  
git-http-fetch(1) Download from a remote Git repository via HTTP.  git-http-push(1) Push objects over HTTP/DAV to another repository.
git-parse-remote(1) Routines to help parsing remote repository access parameters.
git-receive-pack(1) Receive what is pushed into the repository.
git-shell(1) Restricted login shell for Git-only SSH access.
git-upload-archive(1) Send archive back to git-archive.
git-upload-pack(1) Send objects packed back to git-fetch-pack.
git-check-attr(1) Display gitattributes information.
git-check-ignore(1) Debug gitignore / exclude files.
git-check-mailmap(1) Show canonical names and email addresses of contacts.
git-check-ref-format(1) Ensures that a reference name is well formed.
git-column(1) Display data in columns.
git-credential(1) Retrieve and store user credentials.
git-credential-cache(1) Helper to temporarily store passwords in memory.
git-credential-store(1) Helper to store credentials on disk.
git-fmt-merge-msg(1) Produce a merge commit message.
git-interpret-trailers(1) help add structured information into commit messages.
git-mailinfo(1) Extracts patch and authorship from a single e-mail message.
git-mailsplit(1) Simple UNIX mbox splitter program.  git-merge-one-file(1) The standard helper program to use with git-merge-index.
git-patch-id(1) Compute unique ID for a patch.
git-sh-i18n(1) Gits i18n setup code for shell scripts.
git-sh-setup(1) Common Git shell script setup code.
git-stripspace(1) Remove unnecessary whitespace.
